documentation/versioned_docs/version-v0.15/modules/authentication/authentication.mdx, before:

# Authentication

![Authentication Module](/v0.15/modules/authentication/admin/overview.png)

This module offers user authentication.<br />
It supports logins with local credentials as well as popular identity providers.<br />
TwoFactor authentication is also provided.

## Features

- Local authentication with email/password
  - Optional email verification (requires [Email](../email/email.mdx) module)
  - Forgot password
  - Reset password
- Integration with third-party auth providers
  - Facebook
  - Google
  - Microsoft
  - GitHub
  - Figma
  - Kakao Talk
  - Twitch
  - Slack
- Service account / API key
- Optional 2FA supported on all strategies (requires [SMS](../sms/sms.mdx) module)
- Optional Account linking supported when email is the same between providers

## Dependencies

- [Email](../email/email.mdx) (optional: local authentication + email verification)
- [Storage](../storage/storage.mdx) (optional: mobile authentication)

## Minimum Configuration

This module requires no configuration to get started.<br />
Utilizes the [Local Authentication](./strategies#local) strategy by default.

## Environmental Variables {#env-variables}

|  Name          | Required |  Description                                  |  Example      |
| :------------: | :------: | :-------------------------------------------: | :-----------: |
| CONDUIT_SERVER |  True    | Conduit Core's address and port               | 0.0.0.0:55152 |
| SERVICE_IP     |  True    | Address and port to listen to for this module | 0.0.0.0:56154 |
| REGISTER_NAME  |  False   | Name-based network registration (containers)  | False         |
| GRCP_KEY       |  False   | Specifying a secret enables [gRPC signed request protection](../../core#grpc-request-protection) | someRandomSecret |

Commit message:

feat(documentation): update core/module env tables (#112)

documentation/versioned_docs/version-v0.15/modules/authentication/authentication.mdx, after:

# Authentication

![Authentication Module](/v0.15/modules/authentication/admin/overview.png)

This module offers user authentication.<br />
It supports logins with local credentials as well as popular identity providers.<br />
TwoFactor authentication is also provided.

## Features

- Local authentication with email/password
  - Optional email verification (requires [Email](../email/email.mdx) module)
  - Forgot password
  - Reset password
- Integration with third-party auth providers
  - Facebook
  - Google
  - Microsoft
  - GitHub
  - Figma
  - Kakao Talk
  - Twitch
  - Slack
- Service account / API key
- Optional 2FA supported on all strategies (requires [SMS](../sms/sms.mdx) module)
- Optional Account linking supported when email is the same between providers

## Dependencies

- [Email](../email/email.mdx) (optional: local authentication + email verification)
- [Storage](../storage/storage.mdx) (optional: mobile authentication)

## Minimum Configuration

This module requires no configuration to get started.<br />
Utilizes the [Local Authentication](./strategies#local) strategy by default.

## Environmental Variables {#env-variables}

|  Name          | Required |  Description                                  |  Example      |
| :------------: | :------: | :-------------------------------------------: | :-----------: |
| CONDUIT_SERVER |  True    | Conduit Core's address and port               | 0.0.0.0:55152 |
| SERVICE_URL    |  False   | This should be where this service listens on. If behind a LB it should point to the LB's IP/DNS | 0.0.0.0:56154 |
| GRPC_PORT      |  False   | Port to be used by the gRPC server            | 56154         |
| GRCP_KEY       |  False   | Specifying a secret enables [gRPC signed request protection](../../core#grpc-request-protection) | someRandomSecret |
