documentation/versioned_docs/version-v0.15/modules/authentication/get-started.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_label: 'Get Started'
sidebar_position: 1
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Getting Started

Conduit provides authentication for your application in a simple yet powerful way.
Accounts can be created through email and password, or through a third party.
Magic links are also supported for passwordless authentication.

## Execution

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="cli" label="CLI">

``` bash
# Option A: Just give me a barebones setup of the latest Conduit release (includes Authentication)
npx @conduitplatform/cli deploy

# Option B: I wish to bring up extra modules and perform some basic configuration
npx @conduitplatform/cli deploy --config
```
</TabItem>

<TabItem value="docker" label="Docker">
<details><summary>Prerequisites</summary>

``` bash
# Set up the Container Network
docker network create conduit

# Start Redis
docker run -d --name conduit-redis \
              --network-alias redis \
              --network "conduit" \
              -h conduit-redis \
              -p 6379:6379 \
              docker.io/library/redis:latest

# Start Conduit
docker run -d --name conduit-core \
              --network-alias conduit \
              --network "conduit" \
              -h conduit-core \
              -p 55152:55152 -p 3030:3030 -p 3031:3031 \
              -e REDIS_HOST="conduit-redis" -e REDIS_PORT="6379" \
              ghcr.io/conduitplatform/conduit:latest

# Start MongoDB
docker run -d --name conduit-mongo \
              --network-alias mongo \
              --network "conduit" \
              -h conduit-mongo \
              -p 27017:27017 \
              docker.io/library/mongo:latest

# Start Database
docker run -d --name conduit-database \
              --network-alias database \
              --network "conduit" \
              -h conduit-database \
              -e REGISTER_NAME="true" -e CONDUIT_SERVER="conduit-core:55152" \
              -e DB_TYPE="mongodb" \
              -e DB_CONN_URI="mongodb://conduit-mongo:27017" \
              ghcr.io/conduitplatform/database:latest
# Start Router
docker run -d --name conduit-router \
              --network-alias router \
              --network "conduit" \
              -h conduit-router \
              -p 3000:3000 -p 3001:3001 \
              -e REGISTER_NAME="true" -e CONDUIT_SERVER="conduit-core:55152" \
              ghcr.io/conduitplatform/router:latest
```
</details>

``` bash
docker run -d --name conduit-authentication \
              --network-alias authentication \
              --network "conduit" \
              -h conduit-authentication \
              -e REGISTER_NAME="true" -e CONDUIT_SERVER="conduit-core:55152" \
              ghcr.io/conduitplatform/authentication:latest
```
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

At this point, you should have a functional Authentication instance.<br />

-------------------------------------------------

**Now let's provide some basic information for starting using the Authentication module.**

## Create a user

A Conduit user is a representation of a person that can interact with the system.<br />
**A user can be created through the following request:**

``` bash title="Create User Request"
# Creates a new user using email/password.
# An optional invitation code can be provided to create a user with a specific role.
# A valid email must be given.

curl --location --request POST 'http://localhost:3000/authentication/local/new' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{
        "email": "example@mail.com",
        "password": "pass"
      } '
```
**The following response will be returned:**
``` json title="Create User Response"
{
  "user": {
        "email": "example@mail.com",
        "active": true,
        "isVerified": false,
        "hasTwoFA": false,
        "createdAt": "2022-12-02T13:08:36.696Z",
        "updatedAt": "2022-12-02T13:08:36.696Z",
        "_id": "6389f8d445d164a022897845",
        "__v": 0
    }
}
```

**We have now created our first user. Let's see how we can authenticate with it.**

## Login

``` bash title="Login Request"
curl --location --request POST 'http://localhost:3000/authentication/local' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{
        "email": "example@mail.com",
        "password": "pass"
      } '
```
**The response will contain the access and refresh tokens that can be used to make authenticated requests:**
``` json title="Login Response"
{
    "accessToken": "eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6IjYzODlmOGQ0NDVkMTY0YTAyMjg5Nzg0NSIsImF1dGhvcml6ZWQiOnRydWUsInN1ZG8iOnRydWUsImlhdCI6MTY2OTk4Njg0MiwiZXhwIjoxNjczNTg2ODQyfQ.VoSh7QXCFDoGBRYiv9qug3uWm7JX4jwb7-l05qWTVOs",
    "refreshToken": "aDYLqHPw6yK+GTNsWApA9BYfpSkVIRvA+cVtPw2DPQ3CaRCfEPCHo4xCsENHqzdu7e8ZrARwc/P58UyY95yn4Q=="
}
```


## Using the Admin Panel

The Admin Panel can be used to manage users.<br />
Through the [Admin Panel](../../get-started/admin-panel), you can create, update, delete and block/unblock users.<br />

The Users tab is where User manipulation takes place.

![authentication overview](/v0.15/modules/authentication/admin/authentication_overview.png)

-------------------------------------------------


### Create

A basic operation you may want to perform is creating a user.<br />

![create user](/v0.15/modules/authentication/admin/add_user.png)

-------------------------------------------------

### Edit

By clicking the corresponding edit button, you'll see the edit pop-up window.

![Edit user](/v0.15/modules/authentication/admin/edit_user.png)

You can either change your email or add you phone number.<br/>
In case that you want to enable 2FA, fill-in the phone field and tick the corresponding box.<br/>

-------------------------------------------------

### Delete

In order to delete multiple users at once, select the users that you want to delete and click the corresponding button.

### Block / Unblock

You can block or unblock a single or multiple users by clicking the corresponding button.

Commit message:

chore(authentication): add logout example in get started

documentation/versioned_docs/version-v0.15/modules/authentication/get-started.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_label: 'Get Started'
sidebar_position: 1
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Getting Started

Conduit provides authentication for your application in a simple yet powerful way.
Accounts can be created through email and password, or through a third party.
Magic links are also supported for passwordless authentication.

## Execution

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="cli" label="CLI">

``` bash
# Option A: Just give me a barebones setup of the latest Conduit release (includes Authentication)
npx @conduitplatform/cli deploy

# Option B: I wish to bring up extra modules and perform some basic configuration
npx @conduitplatform/cli deploy --config
```
</TabItem>

<TabItem value="docker" label="Docker">
<details><summary>Prerequisites</summary>

``` bash
# Set up the Container Network
docker network create conduit

# Start Redis
docker run -d --name conduit-redis \
              --network-alias redis \
              --network "conduit" \
              -h conduit-redis \
              -p 6379:6379 \
              docker.io/library/redis:latest

# Start Conduit
docker run -d --name conduit-core \
              --network-alias conduit \
              --network "conduit" \
              -h conduit-core \
              -p 55152:55152 -p 3030:3030 -p 3031:3031 \
              -e REDIS_HOST="conduit-redis" -e REDIS_PORT="6379" \
              ghcr.io/conduitplatform/conduit:latest

# Start MongoDB
docker run -d --name conduit-mongo \
              --network-alias mongo \
              --network "conduit" \
              -h conduit-mongo \
              -p 27017:27017 \
              docker.io/library/mongo:latest

# Start Database
docker run -d --name conduit-database \
              --network-alias database \
              --network "conduit" \
              -h conduit-database \
              -e REGISTER_NAME="true" -e CONDUIT_SERVER="conduit-core:55152" \
              -e DB_TYPE="mongodb" \
              -e DB_CONN_URI="mongodb://conduit-mongo:27017" \
              ghcr.io/conduitplatform/database:latest
# Start Router
docker run -d --name conduit-router \
              --network-alias router \
              --network "conduit" \
              -h conduit-router \
              -p 3000:3000 -p 3001:3001 \
              -e REGISTER_NAME="true" -e CONDUIT_SERVER="conduit-core:55152" \
              ghcr.io/conduitplatform/router:latest
```
</details>

``` bash
docker run -d --name conduit-authentication \
              --network-alias authentication \
              --network "conduit" \
              -h conduit-authentication \
              -e REGISTER_NAME="true" -e CONDUIT_SERVER="conduit-core:55152" \
              ghcr.io/conduitplatform/authentication:latest
```
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

At this point, you should have a functional Authentication instance.<br />

-------------------------------------------------

**Now let's provide some basic information for starting using the Authentication module.**

## Create a user

A Conduit user is a representation of a person that can interact with the system.<br />
**A user can be created through the following request:**

``` bash title="Create User Request"
# Creates a new user using email/password.
# An optional invitation code can be provided to create a user with a specific role.
# A valid email must be given.

curl --location --request POST 'http://localhost:3000/authentication/local/new' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{
        "email": "example@mail.com",
        "password": "pass"
      } '
```
**The following response will be returned:**
``` json title="Create User Response"
{
  "user": {
        "email": "example@mail.com",
        "active": true,
        "isVerified": false,
        "hasTwoFA": false,
        "createdAt": "2022-12-02T13:08:36.696Z",
        "updatedAt": "2022-12-02T13:08:36.696Z",
        "_id": "6389f8d445d164a022897845",
        "__v": 0
    }
}
```

**We have now created our first user. Let's see how we can authenticate with it.**

## Login

``` bash title="Login Request"

# Login endpoint that can be used to authenticate.
# Tokens are returned according to configuration.

curl --location --request POST 'http://localhost:3000/authentication/local' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{
        "email": "example@mail.com",
        "password": "pass"
      } '
```
**The response will contain the access and refresh tokens that can be used to make authenticated requests:**
``` json title="Login Response"
{
    "accessToken": "eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6IjYzODlmOGQ0NDVkMTY0YTAyMjg5Nzg0NSIsImF1dGhvcml6ZWQiOnRydWUsInN1ZG8iOnRydWUsImlhdCI6MTY2OTk4Njg0MiwiZXhwIjoxNjczNTg2ODQyfQ.VoSh7QXCFDoGBRYiv9qug3uWm7JX4jwb7-l05qWTVOs",
    "refreshToken": "aDYLqHPw6yK+GTNsWApA9BYfpSkVIRvA+cVtPw2DPQ3CaRCfEPCHo4xCsENHqzdu7e8ZrARwc/P58UyY95yn4Q=="
}
```

**We can now use the access token to make authenticated requests.**

Let's make an example. We will use the access token to make a logout request.

``` bash title="Log out Request"

curl --location --request POST 'http://localhost:3000/authentication/logout' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6IjYzNjNjZGNkMDhkNTU2MDk1NmM4MGQ4OSIsImlhdCI6MTY2OTk4MTIwOSwiZXhwIjoxNjcwMDUzMjA5fQ.sxIQDgJv5zzZo8PV6logbvyLO0WbXgES9EWEtUo_kEg' \
}'

```

Congratulations! The user is now successfully logged out.


## Using the Admin Panel

The Admin Panel can be used to manage users.<br />
Through the [Admin Panel](../../get-started/admin-panel), you can create, update, delete and block/unblock users.<br />

The Users tab is where User manipulation takes place.

![authentication overview](/v0.15/modules/authentication/admin/authentication_overview.png)

-------------------------------------------------


### Create

A basic operation you may want to perform is creating a user.<br />

![create user](/v0.15/modules/authentication/admin/add_user.png)

-------------------------------------------------

### Edit

By clicking the corresponding edit button, you'll see the edit pop-up window.

![Edit user](/v0.15/modules/authentication/admin/edit_user.png)

You can either change your email or add you phone number.<br/>
In case that you want to enable 2FA, fill-in the phone field and tick the corresponding box.<br/>

-------------------------------------------------

### Delete

In order to delete multiple users at once, select the users that you want to delete and click the corresponding button.

### Block / Unblock

You can block or unblock a single or multiple users by clicking the corresponding button.
