documentation/docs/config.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_label: 'Configuration'
sidebar_position: 6
---

# Configuration

Conduit is a backend platform composed of multiple service modules interacting with one another.<br />
Some of them are simple enough to require no configuration whatsoever, while
others provide just enough default values to get their service started, with additional options modifying their behaviour further.<br />
Certain modules depend heavily on third party service credentials, making it impossible for them to function without initial configuration.<br />
The latter actually rely on the administrators providing configuration values before these modules can be activated for the first time.<br />

Some configuration option examples could include the delivery of message reads in a chat module or
enforcing user verification in an authentication module.

By now, we have established how most modules provide some form of configuration, whether they rely on it or not.<br />
But how does one actually configure all of these distributed service modules?

Conduit provides a centralized form of module configuration, meaning administrators are capable of
specifying their desired config options for any individual module through Conduit itself.

Modules can be configured through the [Admin Panel](get-started/admin-panel) or using [Conduit's REST API](router/rest).<br />

<ins><strong>Notice:</strong> Modules need to be <strong>online</strong> in order for them to be configurable and for their configuration to be retrievable.</ins>

-------------------------------------------------

## Using the Admin Panel {#ui-config}

Every configurable module has a configuration section in the [Admin Panel](get-started/admin-panel).<br/>
From there, you can easily enable or disable the module itself, as well as view and modify the rest of its settings.

**Example:** Viewing and updating the Pizza Delivery module's configuration.

Everybody loves a good pizza, right? Lets see what this module has to offer.<br />

![Config Example View](/img/config/admin/config_ex_view.png)

What? No XXL pizzas and pineap... This is clearly a mistake.<br />
Edit this 🍍 monstrosity out of existence!

![Config Example Edit](/img/config/admin/config_ex_edit.png)

Quick, save your configuration before the heathens get a grip of what's going on!

![Config Example Success](/img/config/admin/config_ex_success.png)

Not gonna lie, they had us on the first half.

-------------------------------------------------

## Manual Configuration {#manual-config}

Any administrator can retrieve and update a module's configuration using REST API requests to that module's configuration endpoint.

<ins><strong>Notice:</strong> Make sure your configuration requests contain the appropriate <strong><a href="router/headers/#headers-admin">administration headers</a></strong>.</ins>

### Listing Available Modules

You may list all the available modules by sending a `GET` request to `/admin/config/modules`.<br />
This should return a list of all the configurable modules that are currently online, as well as their addresses.

You may use these exact module names to retrieve and update their configuration.

``` bash title="Listing Configurable Modules"
curl --location --request GET 'http://localhost:3000/admin/config/modules' \
     // highlight-start
     --header 'Authorization: Bearer eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6IjYyMmYxZGQ5NThkZDIwMDAxNzgwNWVmYyIsImlhdCI6MTY0NzM0MjMwMiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ3NDE0MzAyfQ.trHYfxt9Wf6ohgi5PWez-dZEDaQSBBR6wu2PINveQmI' \
     --header 'masterkey: M4ST3RK3Y'
     // highlight-end
```

``` json title="Example Response"
{
  "modules": [
    {
      "moduleName": "database",
      "url": "0.0.0.0:55165"
    },
    {
      "moduleName": "authentication",
      "url": "0.0.0.0:55183"
    },
    {
      "moduleName": "chat",
      "url": "0.0.0.0:55163"
    }
  ]
}
```

### Getting a Module's Configuration {#manual-config-get}

Retrieving a module's active configuration is a simple as sending a `GET` request to `/admin/config/$moduleName`.

Let's find out how Chat's currently active configuration looks like.

``` bash title="Getting a Module's Configuration"
curl --location --request GET 'http://localhost:3000/admin/config/chat' \
     // highlight-start
     --header 'Authorization: Bearer eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6IjYyMmYxZGQ5NThkZDIwMDAxNzgwNWVmYyIsImlhdCI6MTY0NzM0MjMwMiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ3NDE0MzAyfQ.trHYfxt9Wf6ohgi5PWez-dZEDaQSBBR6wu2PINveQmI' \
     --header 'masterkey: M4ST3RK3Y'
     // highlight-end
```

``` json title="Response"
{
  "config": {
    "active": true,
    "allowMessageDelete": true,
    "allowMessageEdit": true
  }
}
```

### Updating a Module's Configuration {#manual-config-update}

In order to update a module's configuration, send a `PUT` request to `/admin/config/$moduleName`, containing your desired configuration.

Suppose we no longer wish for our users to be capable of modifying or deleting their own messages.<br />
Let's see how we'd go about disabling these options.

``` bash title="Updating a Module's Configuration"
curl --location --request PUT 'http://localhost:3000/admin/config/chat' \
     // highlight-start
     --header 'Authorization: Bearer eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6IjYyMmYxZGQ5NThkZDIwMDAxNzgwNWVmYyIsImlhdCI6MTY0NzM0MjMwMiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ3NDE0MzAyfQ.trHYfxt9Wf6ohgi5PWez-dZEDaQSBBR6wu2PINveQmI' \
     --header 'masterkey: M4ST3RK3Y'
     // highlight-end
     --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
     --data-raw '{
       "config": {
        "active": true,
         "allowMessageDelete": false,
         "allowMessageEdit": false
       }
     }'
```

``` json title="Response"
{
  "config": {
    "active": true,
    "allowMessageDelete": false,
    "allowMessageEdit": false
  }
}
```

<ins><strong>Notice:</strong> Request bodies should contain a <strong>complete</strong> configuration, <strong>not</strong> just the fields to be modified.</ins>

Commit message:

chore(domumentation): drop admin prefix chore(domumentation): config put to patch

documentation/docs/config.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_label: 'Configuration'
sidebar_position: 6
---

# Configuration

Conduit is a backend platform composed of multiple service modules interacting with one another.<br />
Some of them are simple enough to require no configuration whatsoever, while
others provide just enough default values to get their service started, with additional options modifying their behaviour further.<br />
Certain modules depend heavily on third party service credentials, making it impossible for them to function without initial configuration.<br />
The latter actually rely on the administrators providing configuration values before these modules can be activated for the first time.<br />

Some configuration option examples could include the delivery of message reads in a chat module or
enforcing user verification in an authentication module.

By now, we have established how most modules provide some form of configuration, whether they rely on it or not.<br />
But how does one actually configure all of these distributed service modules?

Conduit provides a centralized form of module configuration, meaning administrators are capable of
specifying their desired config options for any individual module through Conduit itself.

Modules can be configured through the [Admin Panel](get-started/admin-panel) or using [Conduit's REST API](router/rest).<br />

<ins><strong>Notice:</strong> Modules need to be <strong>online</strong> in order for them to be configurable and for their configuration to be retrievable.</ins>

-------------------------------------------------

## Using the Admin Panel {#ui-config}

Every configurable module has a configuration section in the [Admin Panel](get-started/admin-panel).<br/>
From there, you can easily enable or disable the module itself, as well as view and modify the rest of its settings.

**Example:** Viewing and updating the Pizza Delivery module's configuration.

Everybody loves a good pizza, right? Lets see what this module has to offer.<br />

![Config Example View](/img/config/admin/config_ex_view.png)

What? No XXL pizzas and pineap... This is clearly a mistake.<br />
Edit this 🍍 monstrosity out of existence!

![Config Example Edit](/img/config/admin/config_ex_edit.png)

Quick, save your configuration before the heathens get a grip of what's going on!

![Config Example Success](/img/config/admin/config_ex_success.png)

Not gonna lie, they had us on the first half.

-------------------------------------------------

## Manual Configuration {#manual-config}

Any administrator can retrieve and update a module's configuration using Conduit's [administrative APIs](./administration).<br />
In the examples listed below, we'll be making of REST endpoints, but you could also make use of GraphQL instead.<br />

<ins><strong>Notice:</strong> Make sure your configuration requests contain the appropriate <strong><a href="router/headers/#headers-admin">administration headers</a></strong>.</ins>

### Listing Available Modules

You may list all the available modules by sending a `GET` request to `/config/modules`.<br />
This should return a list of all the configurable modules that are currently online, as well as their addresses.

You may use these exact module names to retrieve and update their configuration.

``` bash title="Listing Configurable Modules"
curl --location --request GET 'http://localhost:3030/config/modules' \
     // highlight-start
     --header 'Authorization: Bearer eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6IjYyMmYxZGQ5NThkZDIwMDAxNzgwNWVmYyIsImlhdCI6MTY0NzM0MjMwMiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ3NDE0MzAyfQ.trHYfxt9Wf6ohgi5PWez-dZEDaQSBBR6wu2PINveQmI' \
     --header 'masterkey: M4ST3RK3Y'
     // highlight-end
```

``` json title="Example Response"
{
  "modules": [
    {
      "moduleName": "database",
      "url": "0.0.0.0:55165"
    },
    {
      "moduleName": "authentication",
      "url": "0.0.0.0:55183"
    },
    {
      "moduleName": "chat",
      "url": "0.0.0.0:55163"
    }
  ]
}
```

### Getting a Module's Configuration {#manual-config-get}

Retrieving a module's active configuration is a simple as sending a `GET` request to `/config/$moduleName`.

Let's find out how Chat's currently active configuration looks like.

``` bash title="Getting a Module's Configuration"
curl --location --request GET 'http://localhost:3030/config/chat' \
     // highlight-start
     --header 'Authorization: Bearer eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6IjYyMmYxZGQ5NThkZDIwMDAxNzgwNWVmYyIsImlhdCI6MTY0NzM0MjMwMiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ3NDE0MzAyfQ.trHYfxt9Wf6ohgi5PWez-dZEDaQSBBR6wu2PINveQmI' \
     --header 'masterkey: M4ST3RK3Y'
     // highlight-end
```

``` json title="Response"
{
  "config": {
    "active": true,
    "allowMessageDelete": true,
    "allowMessageEdit": true
  }
}
```

### Updating a Module's Configuration {#manual-config-update}

In order to update a module's configuration, send a `PATCH` request to `/config/$moduleName`, containing your desired configuration.

Suppose we no longer wish for our users to be capable of modifying or deleting their own messages.<br />
Let's see how we'd go about disabling these options.

``` bash title="Updating a Module's Configuration"
curl --location --request PATCH 'http://localhost:3030/config/chat' \
     // highlight-start
     --header 'Authorization: Bearer eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6IjYyMmYxZGQ5NThkZDIwMDAxNzgwNWVmYyIsImlhdCI6MTY0NzM0MjMwMiwiZXhwIjoxNjQ3NDE0MzAyfQ.trHYfxt9Wf6ohgi5PWez-dZEDaQSBBR6wu2PINveQmI' \
     --header 'masterkey: M4ST3RK3Y'
     // highlight-end
     --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
     --data-raw '{
       "config": {
        "active": true,
         "allowMessageDelete": false,
         "allowMessageEdit": false
       }
     }'
```

``` json title="Response"
{
  "config": {
    "active": true,
    "allowMessageDelete": false,
    "allowMessageEdit": false
  }
}
```
