documentation/docs/modules/database/database.mdx, before:

# Database

![Schema View](/img/modules/database/admin/overview.png)

This module provides a consistent query language so that your modules can effortlessly store and retrieve persistent data.<br />
It also acts as a CMS, facilitating the management of custom content types through the generation of db level schemas, 
the creation and manipulation of schema document entries and the registration of fine-tuned custom endpoints.<br />
You even get (optional) auto-generated CRUD endpoints for your custom schemas!

Content is delivered through REST and GraphQL APIs.

We currently support MongoDB and PostgreSQL (default: MongoDB).

## Features

- Supports MongoDB
- Supports PostgreSQL
- Consistent Query Language (based on MongoDB)
- CMS
  - Creation of custom content types (schema)
  - Create db collections based on said types
  - Create db collection entries
  - Auto-generated CRUD routes
  - Create powerful custom endpoints
  - Expose content through GraphQL
  - Expose content through REST API
  - Swagger UI (OpenAPI)
  - Pagination
  - Sorting
  - GraphQL-style 'populate' field for REST APIs

## Dependencies

This module requires a functional installation of MongoDB or PostgreSQL.<br />

## Minimum Configuration

This module requires no configuration.

## Environmental Variables

|  Name          | Required |  Description                                  |  Example      |
| :------------: | :------: | :-------------------------------------------: | :-----------: |
| CONDUIT_SERVER |  True    | Conduit Core's address and port               | 0.0.0.0:55152 |
| SERVICE_IP     |  True    | Address and port to listen to for this module | 0.0.0.0:56154 |
| REGISTER_NAME  |  False   | Name-based network registration (containers)  | False         |
| DB_TYPE        |  False   | Database engine (mongodb/sql)                 | mongodb       |
| DB_CONN_URI    |  False   | Database connection string                    | mongodb+srv://user:... |

Commit message:

chore: remove support indication for non postgres dbs

documentation/docs/modules/database/database.mdx, after:

# Database

![Schema View](/img/modules/database/admin/overview.png)

This module provides a consistent query language so that your modules can effortlessly store and retrieve persistent data.<br />
It also acts as a CMS, facilitating the management of custom content types through the generation of db level schemas, 
the creation and manipulation of schema document entries and the registration of fine-tuned custom endpoints.<br />
You even get (optional) auto-generated CRUD endpoints for your custom schemas!

Content is delivered through REST and GraphQL APIs.

We currently support MongoDB and PostgreSQL (default: MongoDB).

## Features

:::info
There is currently no support for non Postgres SQL Databases (e.g. MySQL).
:::

- Supports MongoDB
- Supports PostgreSQL
- Consistent Query Language (based on MongoDB)
- CMS
  - Creation of custom content types (schema)
  - Create db collections based on said types
  - Create db collection entries
  - Auto-generated CRUD routes
  - Create powerful custom endpoints
  - Expose content through GraphQL
  - Expose content through REST API
  - Swagger UI (OpenAPI)
  - Pagination
  - Sorting
  - GraphQL-style 'populate' field for REST APIs

## Dependencies

This module requires a functional installation of MongoDB or PostgreSQL.<br />

## Minimum Configuration

This module requires no configuration.

## Environmental Variables

|  Name          | Required |  Description                                  |  Example      |
| :------------: | :------: | :-------------------------------------------: | :-----------: |
| CONDUIT_SERVER |  True    | Conduit Core's address and port               | 0.0.0.0:55152 |
| SERVICE_IP     |  True    | Address and port to listen to for this module | 0.0.0.0:56154 |
| REGISTER_NAME  |  False   | Name-based network registration (containers)  | False         |
| DB_TYPE        |  False   | Database engine (mongodb/sql)                 | mongodb       |
| DB_CONN_URI    |  False   | Database connection string                    | mongodb+srv://user:... |
