documentation/docs/modules/database/tutorials/custom_endpoints.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_label: 'Custom Endpoints'
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Custom Endpoints

In the previous tutorial we learned how to create a schema.It is important also to learn<br />
how to create a custom CRUD operation and attach it to a custom endpoint.<br />

## Create an Endpoint

Let's navigate to the Admin Panel in the `database/custom` section.

![custom enpoints panel](/img/first_app/custom_endpoints_panel.png)

- `Name` field should be filled with the name of your choice.This name will be the name of the created endpoint.
- `Authenticated` checkbox stands for authenticated routes.If it is checked then the route can accessed only from authenticated users.
- With `Select Operation` you choose the type of the request you want to create.
- `SELECT SCHEMA` button lets you select the schema which is relative with the created endpoint.

For the purposes of this tutorial we will create an endpoint which retrieves all the movies with a given director.<br />

![custom enpoints panel](/img/first_app/SomeEndpoint.png)

As you can see because we chose a `GET` request two extra checkboxes displayed.<br />

- `Paginated` used if you want your data to be paginated.
- `Sorted` used if you want your data to be sorted.

Also, there are two more fields that need explanation.

- `Add input` button lets you add parameters (body,query,url) in your request.
- `Add Query` button lets you add queries in your request.

### Add input
Click on the `Add input` button and some extra fields will be displayed to you.
- `Input name` is for the name of the parameter variable.
- `Select types` describes the type of the variable.
- `Location` describes what type of parameter the parameter is. **(Url, Body or Query)**
- If `Array` checkbox is checked then that means that the parameter is an array.
- If `Optional` checkbox is checked then the parameter is optional and not required.

For this tutorial we will need to add the name of the `director` in the query params which have a string type, obviously.<br />

![Add Input](/img/first_app/add_input.png)

### Add query
We also need  to add a query for our request.The query should retrieve all the Movies with a specific director.<br />
Click the `Add Query` button and some extra fields will be displayed to you.
After click the `Condition` button.

![Add Query](/img/first_app/add_condition.png)

Choose the `Schema Field` you wish to compare against.<br />
Then select the `Operator` and the `Value` you wish to compare against.<br />
You may also to enable the [SQL-style Like operator](https://www.w3schools.com/sql/sql_like.asp).

Commit message:

feat(documentation): update database tutorials

documentation/docs/modules/database/tutorials/custom_endpoints.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_label: 'Custom Endpoints'
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Custom Endpoints

[//]: # (TODO: v0.14.0 UI is currently broken, update this section + screens once fixed)

Creating a custom schema allows up to optionally make use of auto-generated CRUD operations.<br />
These are simple operations that may be enabled individually. They may also be protected by user authentication.

In this tutorial, we'll learn how to create powerful functional endpoints without having to code them yourself.

## Create an Endpoint

Bring up the Admin Panel and open the `Database` section.<br />
Then head to the `Custom Endpoints` tab.

![Custom Endpoints Panel](/img/first_app/custom_endpoints_panel.png)

- `Name` field should be filled with the name of your choice.This name will be the name of the created endpoint.
- `Authenticated` checkbox stands for authenticated routes.If it is checked then the route can accessed only from authenticated users.
- With `Select Operation` you choose the type of the request you want to create.
- `SELECT SCHEMA` button lets you select the schema which is relative with the created endpoint.

For the purposes of this tutorial we will create an endpoint which retrieves all the movies with a given director.<br />

![Custom Endpoints Panel](/img/first_app/SomeEndpoint.png)

As you can see because we chose a `GET` request two extra checkboxes displayed.<br />

- `Paginated` used if you want your data to be paginated.
- `Sorted` used if you want your data to be sorted.

Also, there are two more fields that need explanation.

- `Add input` button lets you add parameters (body,query,url) in your request.
- `Add Query` button lets you add queries in your request.

### Add input
Click on the `Add input` button and some extra fields will be displayed to you.
- `Input name` is for the name of the parameter variable.
- `Select types` describes the type of the variable.
- `Location` describes what type of parameter the parameter is. **(Url, Body or Query)**
- If `Array` checkbox is checked then that means that the parameter is an array.
- If `Optional` checkbox is checked then the parameter is optional and not required.

For this tutorial we will need to add the name of the `director` in the query params which have a string type, obviously.<br />

![Add Input](/img/first_app/add_input.png)

### Add query
We also need  to add a query for our request.The query should retrieve all the Movies with a specific director.<br />
Click the `Add Query` button and some extra fields will be displayed to you.
After click the `Condition` button.

![Add Query](/img/first_app/add_condition.png)

Choose the `Schema Field` you wish to compare against.<br />
Then select the `Operator` and the `Value` you wish to compare against.<br />
You may also to enable the [SQL-style Like operator](https://www.w3schools.com/sql/sql_like.asp).
