documentation/versioned_docs/version-v0.15/modules/authentication/tutorials/local.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_label: 'Local'
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Local Authentication

The Authentication module offers a local email address based authentication strategy available for users to register with right out of the box.<br />
Making use of it does not require any administrative intervention other than simply bringing up the Authentication module.

In this tutorial, we'll be utilizing Conduit's [REST API](../../router/rest) to create and authenticate our users.

### JWT functionality

The Authentication module comes with JWT functionality built in.<br />
JWTs are a great way to authenticate users without having to store any session data on the server.<br />
This is especially useful for mobile applications, where you don't want to have to worry about managing sessions.<br />
JWTs are also a great way to authenticate users for API requests.


## User Creation

``` bash title="Request"
curl --location --request POST 'http://localhost:3000/authentication/local' \
      --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
      --data-raw '{
        "email": "example@mail.com",
        "password": "I_h4t3_p4ss_r3qu1r3m3nts"
      } '
```
``` json title="Response"
{
  "userId": "6242f1bb10a09901827738fe",
  "accessToken": "eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6IjYyNDJmMWJiMTBhMDk5MDE4Mjc3MzhmZSIsImlhdCI6MTY0ODU1NDUyNywiZXhwIjoxNzM0OTU0NTI3fQ.Fjqa7ORBBF2giwG7OgiWr2HMgHDL7R6ddFq2E730Djc",
  "refreshToken": "BsKhe3ARhL/FfDfK1REphKkkqQaxRCj/LvvRHOg5wCXCBaUSOwafRHyFYIttaORY/NmHS7NAuT6+knBQegVOwQ=="
}
```

## User Authentication

Having created our first user, it's time to ~~d-d-d-d d-d-d-d-d-d-duel~~ generate an authentication token.<br />
Send a `POST` request to `/authentication/local`, passing in your user credentials.

``` bash title="Request"
curl --location --request POST 'http://localhost:3000/authentication/local' \
      --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
      --data-raw '{
        "email": "example@mail.com",
        "password": "I_h4t3_p4ss_r3qu1r3m3nts"
      }'
```
``` json title="Response"
{
  "userId": "6242f1bb10a09901827738fe",
  "accessToken": "eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6IjYyNDJmMWJiMTBhMDk5MDE4Mjc3MzhmZSIsImlhdCI6MTY0ODU1NDUyNywiZXhwIjoxNzM0OTU0NTI3fQ.Fjqa7ORBBF2giwG7OgiWr2HMgHDL7R6ddFq2E730Djc",
  "refreshToken": "BsKhe3ARhL/FfDfK1REphKkkqQaxRCj/LvvRHOg5wCXCBaUSOwafRHyFYIttaORY/NmHS7NAuT6+knBQegVOwQ=="
}
```

Nice, we got more of these weird sequences of seemingly random characters.

In order for your users to perform user authenticated application requests you'll need to pass their `accessToken` as an [authorization header](../../router/headers#headers-auth).<br />

Now, what about that `refreshToken` then?
User access tokens are only valid for a fairly short amount of time. <!-- TODO: Just how short though? Configurable? -->
Refresh tokens take longer to expire, therefore you may conveniently generate new authentication tokens without storing sensitive user credentials in your end-user applications.

:::caution
While [Router's security client validation](../../router/security#client-validation) feature is enabled, **tokens are tied to the security client** they were generated with.
Meaning you can't reuse or refresh tokens across different clients.
:::

**Requesting a token refresh invalidates your existing access and refresh tokens**, returning you a new pair to be used in subsequent requests.
Let's finish off with an example on how to do just that.

``` bash title="Request"
curl --location --request POST 'http://localhost:3000/authentication/renew' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer YlwPQv1SvYY4um4G75zZfr5BBqwTx8rp0PsLtpLBmcqywnriAb06oF/luec0iyzCAZu1ftwQ/WZq+v/DHO+XJw==' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json'
```


``` json title="Response"
{
  "accessToken": "eyxhbGmZSIsImlhdCI6MTYciOiJIUzI3Mzh0OXVCJ9.RBBF2giwG7OgiWr2HMgHDLMjcR6ddFq2E730Djce71NiIsInR5cCI6IkpMDkmMWJiMTBhDU1NDUyNywiZXhwIjoxNzM0OTU0NTI3fQ.5MDE4yJpZCI6IjYyNDJFjqa7O",
  "refreshToken": "xEuQegVOwQ==KhREphKkkqQaxRCj/LvvRe3ARhL/yFYIttaORY/NmHSFfDfK1HOg5wCXCBaUSOwafRH7NAuT6+k"
}
```

Commit message:

chore(authentication): change JWT functionality

documentation/versioned_docs/version-v0.15/modules/authentication/tutorials/local.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_label: 'Local'
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Local Authentication

The Authentication module offers a local email address based authentication strategy available for users to register with right out of the box.<br />
Making use of it does not require any administrative intervention other than simply bringing up the Authentication module.

In this tutorial, we'll be utilizing Conduit's [REST API](../../router/rest) to create and authenticate our users.

### JWT functionality

The Authentication module also provides a JWT authentication strategy that can be used to authenticate users with a JWT token.
This is useful for applications that have a separate authentication service that generates JWT tokens for users.
The Authentication module can then be used to verify the JWT token and retrieve the user's information.


## User Creation

``` bash title="Request"
curl --location --request POST 'http://localhost:3000/authentication/local' \
      --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
      --data-raw '{
        "email": "example@mail.com",
        "password": "I_h4t3_p4ss_r3qu1r3m3nts"
      } '
```
``` json title="Response"
{
  "userId": "6242f1bb10a09901827738fe",
  "accessToken": "eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6IjYyNDJmMWJiMTBhMDk5MDE4Mjc3MzhmZSIsImlhdCI6MTY0ODU1NDUyNywiZXhwIjoxNzM0OTU0NTI3fQ.Fjqa7ORBBF2giwG7OgiWr2HMgHDL7R6ddFq2E730Djc",
  "refreshToken": "BsKhe3ARhL/FfDfK1REphKkkqQaxRCj/LvvRHOg5wCXCBaUSOwafRHyFYIttaORY/NmHS7NAuT6+knBQegVOwQ=="
}
```

## User Authentication

Having created our first user, it's time to ~~d-d-d-d d-d-d-d-d-d-duel~~ generate an authentication token.<br />
Send a `POST` request to `/authentication/local`, passing in your user credentials.

``` bash title="Request"
curl --location --request POST 'http://localhost:3000/authentication/local' \
      --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
      --data-raw '{
        "email": "example@mail.com",
        "password": "I_h4t3_p4ss_r3qu1r3m3nts"
      }'
```
``` json title="Response"
{
  "userId": "6242f1bb10a09901827738fe",
  "accessToken": "eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6IjYyNDJmMWJiMTBhMDk5MDE4Mjc3MzhmZSIsImlhdCI6MTY0ODU1NDUyNywiZXhwIjoxNzM0OTU0NTI3fQ.Fjqa7ORBBF2giwG7OgiWr2HMgHDL7R6ddFq2E730Djc",
  "refreshToken": "BsKhe3ARhL/FfDfK1REphKkkqQaxRCj/LvvRHOg5wCXCBaUSOwafRHyFYIttaORY/NmHS7NAuT6+knBQegVOwQ=="
}
```

Nice, we got more of these weird sequences of seemingly random characters.

In order for your users to perform user authenticated application requests you'll need to pass their `accessToken` as an [authorization header](../../router/headers#headers-auth).<br />

Now, what about that `refreshToken` then?
User access tokens are only valid for a fairly short amount of time. <!-- TODO: Just how short though? Configurable? -->
Refresh tokens take longer to expire, therefore you may conveniently generate new authentication tokens without storing sensitive user credentials in your end-user applications.

:::caution
While [Router's security client validation](../../router/security#client-validation) feature is enabled, **tokens are tied to the security client** they were generated with.
Meaning you can't reuse or refresh tokens across different clients.
:::

**Requesting a token refresh invalidates your existing access and refresh tokens**, returning you a new pair to be used in subsequent requests.
Let's finish off with an example on how to do just that.

``` bash title="Request"
curl --location --request POST 'http://localhost:3000/authentication/renew' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer YlwPQv1SvYY4um4G75zZfr5BBqwTx8rp0PsLtpLBmcqywnriAb06oF/luec0iyzCAZu1ftwQ/WZq+v/DHO+XJw==' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json'
```


``` json title="Response"
{
  "accessToken": "eyxhbGmZSIsImlhdCI6MTYciOiJIUzI3Mzh0OXVCJ9.RBBF2giwG7OgiWr2HMgHDLMjcR6ddFq2E730Djce71NiIsInR5cCI6IkpMDkmMWJiMTBhDU1NDUyNywiZXhwIjoxNzM0OTU0NTI3fQ.5MDE4yJpZCI6IjYyNDJFjqa7O",
  "refreshToken": "xEuQegVOwQ==KhREphKkkqQaxRCj/LvvRe3ARhL/yFYIttaORY/NmHSFfDfK1HOg5wCXCBaUSOwafRH7NAuT6+k"
}
```
