documentation/versioned_docs/version-v0.15/modules/authentication/tutorials/twoFa.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_label: 'TwoFa'
sidebar_position: 3
---

# Step-by-Step Guide to Two-Factor Authentication

First, you need to enable Two-Factor Authentication (2FA) on your account.
A user can choose between two types of 2FA: SMS or Authenticator.

## Enabling 2FA

To enable 2FA, users must previously have successfully logged in to their account.

To enable SMS 2FA, you need to have a verified phone number on your account.

The method parameter can be either `sms` or `authenticator` and is required.
The phone parameter is required for the `sms` method and is the phone number that will receive the 2FA code.


```bash title="Enable two factor authentication with phone method"
curl -X PUT \
  http://localhost:3000/authentication/twoFa/enable \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -H 'accept: application/json' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer {{token}}' \
  -d '{
  "method": "sms",
  "phone": "1234567890"
}'
```
```json title="Responsee"
{
  "message": "Verification code sent"
}
```
If a user wants to enable 2FA using the Authenticator method, they can use the following curl example:

```bash title="Enable two factor authentication with authenticator method"

curl --location --request PUT 'http://localhost:3000/authentication/twoFa/enable' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer ' \
--header 'masterkey: <API Key>' \
--data-raw '{
  "method": "authenticator"
}'

```
The response will be a link to a QR code that can be scanned by an authenticator app.

``` json title="Response"
{
  "result": "https://chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=166x166&chld=L|0&cht=qr&chl=otpauth://totp/Conduit%3Atest%40test.gr%3Fsecret=N5FX7RZGKNRKQORJFV77SM7ZEF6LNU3X%26issuer=Conduit"
}
```


## Step 1: Begin twoFa for the first time

The fist time a user enables two factor authenticator has an extra step.
They must verify the 6-digit code that was sent to their phone number or authenticator app.
That is done by using the following curl example:

```bash title="Verify two factor authentication code"
curl --location --request POST 'http://localhost:3000/authentication/twoFa/enable/verify' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer ' \
--header 'masterkey: <API Key>' \
--data-raw '{
  "code": "488333"
}'
```
After a successful verification, the user will be able to use 2FA to login.

```json title="Response"
{
  "message": "2FA enabled"
}
```

## Step 2: Login with 2FA

After a user has enabled 2FA, they can log in with it.
From now on, the endpoint that they will use to login is the following:

```bash title="Login with two factor authentication"
# Starts 2FA process by sending a code to user's phone
# or returns a message to check authenticator app.
# User's 2FA mechanism has to be enabled.

curl -X POST http://localhost:3000/authentication/twoFa/authorize \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6IjYzNjNjZGNkMDhkNTU2MDk1NmM4MGQ4OSIsImlhdCI6MTY2OTkwODA2MCwiZXhwIjoxNjY5OTgwMDYwfQ.9dtBJc4YvSbuz74YRhJj4b9k-myAC_6EPlVFunRMkcw' \
--header 'masterkey: M4ST3RK3Y' \


```
If the user has enabled 2FA with a phone method the response will be like this:
```json title="Response"
{
  "method": "sms",
  "message": "A verification code has been sent to ${phoneNumber}"
}
```
If the user has enabled 2FA with an authenticator app the response will be like this.
The codes in the authenticator app are generated automatically.


```json title="Response"
{
  "method": "authenticator",
  "message": "Check your authenticator app for the code"
}
```

**If the user has not enabled 2FA the response will be like this:**

```json title="Response"
{
  "message": "2FA disabled"
}
```
## Step 3: Verify the code

At this step, the user must verify the code that was sent to their phone or authenticator app.<br />
A curl example of the endpoint that verifies the code is shown below:

```bash title="Verify two factor authentication code"

curl --location --request POST 'http://localhost:3000/authentication/twoFa/verify' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6IjYzNjNjZGNkMDhkNTU2MDk1NmM4MGQ4OSIsImlhdCI6MTY2OTkwODA2MCwiZXhwIjoxNjY5OTgwMDYwfQ.9dtBJc4YvSbuz74YRhJj4b9k-myAC_6EPlVFunRMkcw' \
--header 'masterkey: M4ST3RK3Y' \
--data-raw '{
    "code": "123456"
}'

```

After a successful verification, access and refresh tokens will be returned.

``` json title="Response"
{
  "accessToken": "eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6IjYzNjNjZGNkMDhkNTU2MDk1NmM4MGQ4OSIsImlhdCI6MTY2OTkwODA2MCwiZX...",
  "refreshToken": "eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6IjYzNjNjZGNkMDhkNTU2MDk1NmM4MGQ4OSIsImlhdCI6MTY2OTkwODA2MCwiZX"
}
```

### Generate Backup Codes and Recovery Codes

If a user has no access to their phone or authenticator app, they can use the backup codes to login.<br />
**The backup codes are only used once and a user must generate new ones before using all of them.**

```bash title="Generate backup codes"
curl --location --request GET '//authentication/twoFa/generate' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer ' \
--header 'masterkey: <API Key>'
```
This will return a set of 10 backup codes that the user can use to log in.

```json title="Response"
{
    [
        "3892 3664",
        "3676 4634",
        "5810 6001",
        "8728 6569",
        "9671 8273",
        "9357 5185",
        "4331 9651",
        "2096 8790",
        "1840 1122",
        "3283 6089"
    ]
}
```
:::caution
**This codes must be stored in a safe place and the user must be informed that they can only be used once.**
:::

### 2FA recover codes

This endpoint is used to recover 2FA access with an 8 digit backup code.<br />
A user can use one of the backup codes that were generated in the previous step.
A curl example is shown below:

```bash title="Recover two factor authentication"
curl --location --request POST '//authentication/twoFa/recover' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer ' \
--header 'masterkey: <API Key>' \
--data-raw '{
  "code": "38923664"
}'
```
After successfully recovering 2FA, access and refresh tokens are returned as well as a message that informs the user about the back-up codes that have left.

``` json title="Response"
{
    "accessToken": "eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6IjYzODljMWNhMDE3ZGJkMDg3NTczMDNkNyIsImF1dGhvcml6ZWQiOnRydWUsInN1ZG8iOnRydWUsImlhdCI6MTY2OTk3NDMyOCwiZXhwIjoxNjczNTc0MzI4fQ.azq4JLczTNwnzd7XOHAhY2mXrJm7WjwF1ym0wWelRJQ",
    "refreshToken": "IgbxMMrlUeM2O24SZ9NBbSM5OP8Cp4HWn25yzvQnd//CZeTdlhVmZIoYQ+V8jISR5wFY+RTWnFbdKTb08LDIIw==",
    "message": "You have 9 back up codes left"
}
```



###  Disable two-factor authentication

A user can disable 2FA any time they want. This will remove the 2FA method and the user will be able to log in without a code.<br />

**The user must be in sudo mode to disable 2FA. This means that they must have successfully logged in with 2FA and have followed the steps.<br />**

```bash title="Disable two factor authentication"
curl --location --request PUT '//authentication/twoFa/disable' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer {{token}}' \
--header 'masterkey: <API Key>'

```
After successfully disabling 2FA, a message is returned that informs the user that 2FA has been disabled.

```json title="Response"
{
    "message": "2FA disabled"
}
```

Commit message:

chore(authentication): twoFa minor changes

documentation/versioned_docs/version-v0.15/modules/authentication/tutorials/twoFa.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_label: 'TwoFa'
sidebar_position: 3
---

# Step-by-Step Guide to Two-Factor Authentication

First, you need to enable Two-Factor Authentication (2FA) on your account.
A user can choose between two methods for 2FA: SMS or Authenticator app.

## Step 1: Enable 2FA

To enable 2FA, users must be successfully logged.

To enable SMS 2FA, you need to have a verified phone number on your account.

The method parameter can be either `sms` or `authenticator` and is required.
The sms parameter is required for the `sms` method and is the phone number that will receive the 2FA code.


```bash title="Enable two factor authentication with phone method"
curl -X PUT \
  http://localhost:3000/authentication/twoFa/enable \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -H 'accept: application/json' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer {{token}}' \
  -d '{
  "method": "sms",
  "phone": "1234567890"
}'
```
```json title="Responsee"
{
  "message": "Verification code sent"
}
```
If a user wants to enable 2FA using the Authenticator method, they can use the following curl example:

```bash title="Enable two factor authentication with authenticator method"

curl --location --request PUT 'http://localhost:3000/authentication/twoFa/enable' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer ' \
--data-raw '{
  "method": "authenticator"
}'

```
The response will be a link to a QR code that can be scanned by an authenticator app.

``` json title="Response"
{
  "result": "https://chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=166x166&chld=L|0&cht=qr&chl=otpauth://totp/Conduit%3Atest%40test.gr%3Fsecret=N5FX7RZGKNRKQORJFV77SM7ZEF6LNU3X%26issuer=Conduit"
}
```

Every time a user enables two factor authenticator must verify the 6-digit code that was sent to their phone number or authenticator app.<br />
That is done by using the following curl example:

```bash title="Verify two factor authentication code"
curl --location --request POST 'http://localhost:3000/authentication/twoFa/enable/verify' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer ' \
--data-raw '{
  "code": "488333"
}'
```
After a successful verification, the user will be able to use 2FA to login.

```json title="Response"
{
  "message": "2FA enabled"
}
```

## Step 2: Login with 2FA

After a user has enabled 2FA, they can log in with it.
From now on, the endpoint that they will use to log in is the following:

```bash title="Login with two factor authentication"
# Starts 2FA process by sending a code to user's phone
# or returns a message to check authenticator app.
# User's 2FA mechanism has to be enabled.

curl -X POST http://localhost:3000/authentication/twoFa/authorize \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6IjYzNjNjZGNkMDhkNTU2MDk1NmM4MGQ4OSIsImlhdCI6MTY2OTkwODA2MCwiZXhwIjoxNjY5OTgwMDYwfQ.9dtBJc4YvSbuz74YRhJj4b9k-myAC_6EPlVFunRMkcw' \


```
If the user has enabled 2FA with a sms method the response will be like this:
```json title="Response"
{
  "method": "sms",
  "message": "A verification code has been sent to ${phoneNumber}"
}
```
If the user has enabled 2FA with an authenticator app the response will be like this.



```json title="Response"
{
  "method": "authenticator",
  "message": "Check your authenticator app for the code"
}
```

**If the user has not enabled 2FA the response will be like this:**

```json title="Response"
{
  "message": "2FA disabled"
}
```
## Step 3: Verify the code

At this step, the user must verify the code that was sent to their phone or authenticator app.<br />
A curl example of the endpoint that verifies the code is shown below:

```bash title="Verify two factor authentication code"

curl --location --request POST 'http://localhost:3000/authentication/twoFa/verify' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6IjYzNjNjZGNkMDhkNTU2MDk1NmM4MGQ4OSIsImlhdCI6MTY2OTkwODA2MCwiZXhwIjoxNjY5OTgwMDYwfQ.9dtBJc4YvSbuz74YRhJj4b9k-myAC_6EPlVFunRMkcw' \
--data-raw '{
    "code": "123456"
}'

```

After a successful verification, access and refresh tokens will be returned.

``` json title="Response"
{
  "accessToken": "eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6IjYzNjNjZGNkMDhkNTU2MDk1NmM4MGQ4OSIsImlhdCI6MTY2OTkwODA2MCwiZX...",
  "refreshToken": "eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6IjYzNjNjZGNkMDhkNTU2MDk1NmM4MGQ4OSIsImlhdCI6MTY2OTkwODA2MCwiZX"
}
```

### Generate Backup Codes

If a user has no access to their phone or authenticator app, they can use the backup codes to login.<br />
**Each backup code is only used once and a user must generate new ones before using all of them.**

```bash title="Generate backup codes"
curl --location --request GET 'http://localhost:3000/authentication/twoFa/generate' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer ' \

```
This will return a set of 10 backup codes that the user can use to log in.

```json title="Response"
{
    [
        "3892 3664",
        "3676 4634",
        "5810 6001",
        "8728 6569",
        "9671 8273",
        "9357 5185",
        "4331 9651",
        "2096 8790",
        "1840 1122",
        "3283 6089"
    ]
}
```
:::caution
**This codes must be stored in a safe place and the user must be informed that they can only be used once.**
:::

### Revover access with backup codes

This endpoint is used to recover 2FA access with an 8 digit backup code.<br />
A user can use one of the backup codes that were generated in the previous step.
A curl example is shown below:

```bash title="Recover two factor authentication"
curl --location --request POST 'http://localhost:3000/authentication/twoFa/recover' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer ' \
--data-raw '{
  "code": "38923664"
}'
```
After successfully recovering 2FA, access and refresh tokens are returned as well as a message that informs the user about remaining back-up codes.

``` json title="Response"
{
    "accessToken": "eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpZCI6IjYzODljMWNhMDE3ZGJkMDg3NTczMDNkNyIsImF1dGhvcml6ZWQiOnRydWUsInN1ZG8iOnRydWUsImlhdCI6MTY2OTk3NDMyOCwiZXhwIjoxNjczNTc0MzI4fQ.azq4JLczTNwnzd7XOHAhY2mXrJm7WjwF1ym0wWelRJQ",
    "refreshToken": "IgbxMMrlUeM2O24SZ9NBbSM5OP8Cp4HWn25yzvQnd//CZeTdlhVmZIoYQ+V8jISR5wFY+RTWnFbdKTb08LDIIw==",
    "message": "You have 9 back up codes left"
}
```



###  Disable two-factor authentication

A user can disable 2FA any time they want. This will remove the 2FA method and the user will be able to log in without a code.<br />

**The user must be in sudo mode to disable 2FA. This means that they must have successfully logged in with 2FA and have followed the steps.<br />**

```bash title="Disable two factor authentication"
curl --location --request PUT 'http://localhost:3000/authentication/twoFa/disable' \
--header 'Accept: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer {{token}}' \

```
After successfully disabling 2FA, a message is returned that informs the user that 2FA has been disabled.

```json title="Response"
{
    "message": "2FA disabled"
}
```
