documentation/docs/get-started/admin-panel.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_label: 'Admin Panel'
sidebar_position: 1
title: 'Admin Panel'
---

If you've boostrapped Conduit using the [container Makefile method](../overview/installation#container-makefile), 
you should already have an instance of the Admin Panel running on your machine.

You can always [build it from source](https://github.com/ConduitPlatform/Conduit-UI) 
or [run its OCI container](https://github.com/conduitplatform/Conduit/pkgs/container/conduit-ui) manually.<br />

Bring it up by visiting [localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) on your browser.<br />

![Admin Panel Login](/img/ui/login.png)

<p align="center"><em>Default credentials are: admin/admin</em></p>

![Admin Panel Home](/img/ui/home.png)

The navigation pane on your left lists every available module your Conduit instance is aware of.<br />
Offline modules are presented at the bottom.<br />
It also provides you with a settings page for your backend's core configuration and a log out button.

Click that juicy Documentation button on the top-right of your homepage in case you ever lose your way back here.<br />
Who knows? Maybe by the time you do we'll have finally finished these docs 😅.

Each module's functionality and individual configuration is exposed in its own separate page accessible from the navigation pane.<br />
Choose a module and see what's available. I'll be picking my trusty Database module.

![Database Schema View](/img/modules/database/admin/schema_list_view.png)

Configurable modules offer a Settings tab where you can view and update their configuration.<br />
You can find additional information on module-specific administration pages in their respective section of the [Modules section](../modules/).

Commit message:

docs(get_started): My First App (#85)
* docs(get_started): My First App

* docs(get_started): Prerequisites

* feat(docs/get_started): Tutorial of how to make client requests

* feat(docs/get_started): chores

* feat(docs/get_started): chores again

* refactor(documentation): move installation to own section
refactor(documentation): re-order sections
add(documentation): in progress text to cli and sdk

piggybacking into this  PR
to avoid conflicts

* fix(documentation): broken links

* feat(docs): some syntax chores

* feat(documentation): react app tutorial improvements

* chore(documentation): remove redundant file

Co-authored-by: kkopanidis <kkopanidis@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Konstantinos Feretos <konferetos@tutanota.com>

documentation/docs/get-started/admin-panel.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_label: 'Admin Panel'
sidebar_position: 1
title: 'Admin Panel'
---

If you've boostrapped Conduit using the [container Makefile method](../installation#container-makefile),
you should already have an instance of the Admin Panel running on your machine.

You can always [build it from source](https://github.com/ConduitPlatform/Conduit-UI)
or [run its OCI container](https://github.com/conduitplatform/Conduit/pkgs/container/conduit-ui) manually.<br />

Bring it up by visiting [localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) on your browser.<br />

![Admin Panel Login](/img/ui/login.png)

<p align="center"><em>Default credentials are: admin/admin</em></p>

The Admin panel is the command center for everything and anything you want to do with Conduit. From here,
you can create and manage schemas, manipulate data, configure authentication methods and administer users, and honestly
so much more! Our target with this panel is to provide you with functionality that will make your life just a bit easier,
abstracting the complexity of managing a Conduit cluster and showing you the stuff that really matters!

![Admin Panel Home](/img/ui/home.png)

The navigation pane on your left lists every available module your Conduit instance is aware of.<br />
Offline modules are presented at the bottom.<br />
It also provides you with a settings page for your backend's core configuration and a log out button.

Click that juicy Documentation button on the top-right of your homepage in case you ever lose your way back here.<br />
Who knows? Maybe by the time you do we'll have finally finished these docs 😅.

Each module's functionality and individual configuration is exposed in its own separate page accessible from the navigation pane.<br />
Choose a module and see what's available. I'll be picking my trusty Database module.

![Database Schema View](/img/modules/database/admin/schema_list_view.png)

Configurable modules offer a Settings tab where you can view and update their configuration.<br />
You can find additional information on module-specific administration pages in their respective section of the [Modules section](../modules/).
