documentation/docs/get-started/get-started.mdx, before:

# Getting Started

This section assumes that Conduit is already installed and running locally.<br />
If you haven't done so already, please follow the [relevant instructions](../overview/installation) on how to bootstrap Conduit from the Overview section.

Building a backend using Conduit requires that you get accustomed with a few key aspects of the project.<br />
We're going to brief you on the essentials here and help you navigate the sections of the documentation that are actually most relevant to your needs. 

## Configuration

Conduit is a microservice based backend where services can function in a distributed environment.<br />
Most of these services provide optional configuration. Some of them even require that you provide their configuration before they can be of use.<br />
You can configure each and every one of them in a consistent and streamlined fashion in the following ways:

- Using the Admin Panel
- Through admin requests to Conduit's REST API

[Find out more about Configuration](../config)

## Routing

Condit offers a plethora of options when it comes to routing.<br />
You get a REST and a GraphQL API without duplicating any of your code, as well as support for WebSockets.<br />
You even get GraphQL-style populates on your REST endpoints ootb, plus auto-generated Swagger and whatnot.

Most modules usually come with a bunch of routes for you to make use of.<br />
Some of them are administrative routes to be used only by you and your project's staff, while others are meant to be used by your clients.

<u>Admin routes are only exposed through the REST API.</u>

<br /><br />
<a href="../router">Find out more about Routing</a>

## Admin Panel

Conduit also comes with an admin panel to facilitate the administration of your project.<br />
Using it is completely optional and it can connect to remote Conduit instances, so you don't really need to deploy it online either.<br />

[Find out more about Administration](admin-panel)

-------------------------------------------------

## I'm back. Now what?

Hopefully, the above should be enough to get you started and put you on the right track to build a fast and reliable backend.<br />
This is just the tip of the iceberg of course. Backends can be pretty versatile, thus there's much more to be covered on how to build one.

Depending on your project's needs, you might just get by with solely using our [Database](../modules/database) module's CMS functionality, 
or you might as well end up requiring every single one of our modules. You might even consider building your own services on top of Conduit.

In any case, we suggest that you take a look at the rest of the sections in these docs.<br />
Conduit is a project offering readily available functionality for a vast variety of different use cases and as such its complexity can feel somewhat daunting at times.<br />

If you're having trouble figuring out the best way to approach things or simply wish that a certain feature were supported, 
make sure you contact us and let us know about it, we'd be more than happy to help.<br />

And if you come across a bug, please do report it on our [issue tracker](https://github.com/ConduitPlatform/Conduit/issues/new/choose) so that we can get it sorted 🐛🔨.

If you enjoy using Conduit, feel free to join our [Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/fBqUQ23M7g) and let us know about it, we're always chatty, 
except when we're building things... we're less chatty then and we kinda do that a lot.<br />
Look, what I'm trying to say is we'd love to hear from you.

Thanks for bearing with us through this quick start guide.<br />
See you around 😎.

Commit message:

docs(get_started): My First App (#85)
* docs(get_started): My First App

* docs(get_started): Prerequisites

* feat(docs/get_started): Tutorial of how to make client requests

* feat(docs/get_started): chores

* feat(docs/get_started): chores again

* refactor(documentation): move installation to own section
refactor(documentation): re-order sections
add(documentation): in progress text to cli and sdk

piggybacking into this  PR
to avoid conflicts

* fix(documentation): broken links

* feat(docs): some syntax chores

* feat(documentation): react app tutorial improvements

* chore(documentation): remove redundant file

Co-authored-by: kkopanidis <kkopanidis@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Konstantinos Feretos <konferetos@tutanota.com>

documentation/docs/get-started/get-started.mdx, after:

# Getting Started

This section assumes that Conduit is already installed and running locally.<br />
If you haven't done so already, please follow the [relevant instructions](../installation) on how to bootstrap Conduit from the Overview section.

Building a backend using Conduit requires that you get accustomed with a few key aspects of the project.<br />
We're going to brief you on the essentials here and help you navigate the sections of the documentation that are actually most relevant to your needs.

## Configuration

Conduit is a microservice based backend where services can function in a distributed environment.<br />
Most of these services provide optional configuration. Some of them even require that you provide their configuration before they can be of use.<br />
You can configure each and every one of them in a consistent and streamlined fashion in the following ways:

- Using the Admin Panel
- Through admin requests to Conduit's REST API

[Find out more about Configuration](../config)

## Routing

Condit offers a plethora of options when it comes to routing.<br />
You get a REST and a GraphQL API without duplicating any of your code, as well as support for WebSockets.<br />
You even get GraphQL-style populates on your REST endpoints ootb, plus auto-generated Swagger and whatnot.

Most modules usually come with a bunch of routes for you to make use of.<br />
Some of them are administrative routes to be used only by you and your project's staff, while others are meant to be used by your clients.

<u>Admin routes are only exposed through the REST API.</u>

<br /><br />
<a href="../router">Find out more about Routing</a>

## Admin Panel

Conduit also comes with an admin panel to facilitate the administration of your project.<br />
Using it is completely optional and it can connect to remote Conduit instances, so you don't really need to deploy it online either.<br />

[Find out more about Administration](admin-panel)

-------------------------------------------------

## I'm back. Now what?

Hopefully, the above should be enough to get you started and put you on the right track to build a fast and reliable backend.<br />
This is just the tip of the iceberg of course. Backends can be pretty versatile, thus there's much more to be covered on how to build one.

Depending on your project's needs, you might just get by with solely using our [Database](../modules/database) module's CMS functionality,
or you might as well end up requiring every single one of our modules. You might even consider building your own services on top of Conduit.

In any case, we suggest that you take a look at the rest of the sections in these docs.<br />
Conduit is a project offering readily available functionality for a vast variety of different use cases and as such its complexity can feel somewhat daunting at times.<br />

If you're having trouble figuring out the best way to approach things or simply wish that a certain feature were supported,
make sure you contact us and let us know about it, we'd be more than happy to help.<br />

And if you come across a bug, please do report it on our [issue tracker](https://github.com/ConduitPlatform/Conduit/issues/new/choose) so that we can get it sorted 🐛🔨.

If you enjoy using Conduit, feel free to join our [Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/fBqUQ23M7g) and let us know about it, we're always chatty,
except when we're building things... we're less chatty then and we kinda do that a lot.<br />
Look, what I'm trying to say is we'd love to hear from you.

Thanks for bearing with us through this quick start guide.<br />

You can check the rest of the pages in this Getting Started section to familiarize yourself with Conduit!
See you around 😎.
