documentation/versioned_docs/version-v0.15/modules/storage/storage.mdx, before:

# Storage

![Storage Module](/v0.15/modules/storage/admin/storage_module.png)

This module provides persistent storage and facilitates the creation of hierarchical data structures.<br />
Documents may have complex structures and subcollections and can be stored locally or on a cloud provider.

## Features

- Local storage
- Microsoft Azure
- Google Cloud
- AWS S3
- Alibaba Cloud (Aliyun)

## Dependencies

This module has no dependencies.

## Minimum Configuration

This module is disabled by default as it requires specifying a storage provider.<br />
See [Configuration](config.mdx).

## Environmental Variables

|  Name          | Required |  Description                                  |  Example      |
| :------------: | :------: | :-------------------------------------------: | :-----------: |
| CONDUIT_SERVER |  True    | Conduit Core's address and port               | 0.0.0.0:55152 |
| SERVICE_IP     |  True    | Address and port to listen to for this module | 0.0.0.0:56154 |
| REGISTER_NAME  |  False   | Name-based network registration (containers)  | False         |

Commit message:

feat(documentation): update core/module env tables

documentation/versioned_docs/version-v0.15/modules/storage/storage.mdx, after:

# Storage

![Storage Module](/v0.15/modules/storage/admin/storage_module.png)

This module provides persistent storage and facilitates the creation of hierarchical data structures.<br />
Documents may have complex structures and subcollections and can be stored locally or on a cloud provider.

## Features

- Local storage
- Microsoft Azure
- Google Cloud
- AWS S3
- Alibaba Cloud (Aliyun)

## Dependencies

This module has no dependencies.

## Minimum Configuration

This module is disabled by default as it requires specifying a storage provider.<br />
See [Configuration](config.mdx).

## Environmental Variables

|  Name          | Required |  Description                                  |  Example      |
| :------------: | :------: | :-------------------------------------------: | :-----------: |
| CONDUIT_SERVER |  True    | Conduit Core's address and port               | 0.0.0.0:55152 |
| SERVICE_URL    |  False   | This should be where this service listens on. If behind a LB it should point to the LB's IP/DNS | 0.0.0.0:56154 |
| GRPC_PORT      |  False   | Port to be used by the gRPC server            | 56154         |
