documentation/versioned_docs/version-v0.15/modules/chat/chat.mdx, before:

# Chat module

![Chat Room View](/v0.15/modules/chat/admin/room_view.png)

This module provides support for creating chat rooms, adding participants and sending messages.

## Features

- Chat rooms
- Chat messages
- Message read status

## Dependencies

This module depends on the [authentication](../authentication/authentication.mdx) module.

## Minimum Configuration

This module is configurable. All features are enabled by default.<br />
See [Configuration](config.mdx) section.

## Environmental Variables {#env-variables}

|  Name          | Required |  Description                                  |  Example      |
| :------------: | :------: | :-------------------------------------------: | :-----------: |
| CONDUIT_SERVER |  True    | Conduit Core's address and port               | 0.0.0.0:55152 |
| SERVICE_IP     |  True    | Address and port to listen to for this module | 0.0.0.0:56154 |
| REGISTER_NAME  |  False   | Name-based network registration (containers)  | False         |
| GRCP_KEY       |  False   | Specifying a secret enables [gRPC signed request protection](../../core#grpc-request-protection) | someRandomSecret |

Commit message:

feat(documentation): update core/module env tables (#112)

documentation/versioned_docs/version-v0.15/modules/chat/chat.mdx, after:

# Chat module

![Chat Room View](/v0.15/modules/chat/admin/room_view.png)

This module provides support for creating chat rooms, adding participants and sending messages.

## Features

- Chat rooms
- Chat messages
- Message read status

## Dependencies

This module depends on the [authentication](../authentication/authentication.mdx) module.

## Minimum Configuration

This module is configurable. All features are enabled by default.<br />
See [Configuration](config.mdx) section.

## Environmental Variables {#env-variables}

|  Name          | Required |  Description                                  |  Example      |
| :------------: | :------: | :-------------------------------------------: | :-----------: |
| CONDUIT_SERVER |  True    | Conduit Core's address and port               | 0.0.0.0:55152 |
| SERVICE_URL    |  False   | This should be where this service listens on. If behind a LB it should point to the LB's IP/DNS | 0.0.0.0:56154 |
| GRPC_PORT      |  False   | Port to be used by the gRPC server            | 56154         |
| GRCP_KEY       |  False   | Specifying a secret enables [gRPC signed request protection](../../core#grpc-request-protection) | someRandomSecret |
