documentation/versioned_docs/version-v0.15/modules/push-notifications/push-notifications.mdx, before:

# Push Notifications

![Schema View](/v0.15/modules/push-notifications/admin/overview.png)

This module handles sending push notifications to users.

## Features

- Compatible with Firebase Push Notification Service
- Easily configurable
- Failover baked-in

## Dependencies

This module has no dependencies.

## Minimum Configuration

This module is disabled by default.<br />
See [Configuration](config.mdx).

## Environmental Variables {#env-variables}

|  Name          | Required |  Description                                  |  Example      |
| :------------: | :------: | :-------------------------------------------: | :-----------: |
| CONDUIT_SERVER |  True    | Conduit Core's address and port               | 0.0.0.0:55152 |
| SERVICE_IP     |  True    | Address and port to listen to for this module | 0.0.0.0:56154 |
| REGISTER_NAME  |  False   | Name-based network registration (containers)  | False         |
| GRCP_KEY       |  False   | Specifying a secret enables [gRPC signed request protection](../../core#grpc-request-protection) | someRandomSecret |

Commit message:

feat(documentation): update core/module env tables (#112)

documentation/versioned_docs/version-v0.15/modules/push-notifications/push-notifications.mdx, after:

# Push Notifications

![Schema View](/v0.15/modules/push-notifications/admin/overview.png)

This module handles sending push notifications to users.

## Features

- Compatible with Firebase Push Notification Service
- Easily configurable
- Failover baked-in

## Dependencies

This module has no dependencies.

## Minimum Configuration

This module is disabled by default.<br />
See [Configuration](config.mdx).

## Environmental Variables {#env-variables}

|  Name          | Required |  Description                                  |  Example      |
| :------------: | :------: | :-------------------------------------------: | :-----------: |
| CONDUIT_SERVER |  True    | Conduit Core's address and port               | 0.0.0.0:55152 |
| SERVICE_URL    |  False   | This should be where this service listens on. If behind a LB it should point to the LB's IP/DNS | 0.0.0.0:56154 |
| GRPC_PORT      |  False   | Port to be used by the gRPC server            | 56154         |
| GRCP_KEY       |  False   | Specifying a secret enables [gRPC signed request protection](../../core#grpc-request-protection) | someRandomSecret |
