documentation/docs/overview/intro.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_label: 'Introduction'
sidebar_position: 1
hide_title: true
---

<p align="center">
    <br />
    <a href="https://getconduit.dev" target="_blank"><img height="70em" src="https://getconduit.dev/conduitLogo.svg" alt="logo"/></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <strong>The only Backend you'll ever need.<br />Written in NodeJS, built to work with any stack.</strong>
</p>

Conduit is a NodeJS-based Backend as a Service, that aims to cut down development times 
by providing ready-made modules that offer common functionality out of the box, and allowing 
maximum flexibility to add custom functionality.

## Yes, but WHAT is it exactly?

You can call it a Firebase alternative, a Parse alternative, an insert-tool-name-here alternative, a low-code tool, a platform or anything in-between. At the end of the day, 
Conduit was built by developers that have tried all BaaS platforms from 2014 onwards and found them lacking one way or the other.

## A real world story

You begin your project with the hottest BaaS platform of the day, it has everything you want until you want to change your architecture, 
scale your product or add that very specific functionality your app needs and you can't, so you end up creating a spaghetti architecture 
to call the BaaS APIs or move the business logic to your front-end. Sounds familiar?

Well, if it does, then Conduit was built for you.

## What's so different?

It's meant to work the same way you'd expect your own code to, allowing you to extend it as your business grows. 
Want to scale your authentication? You can do that. Want to create a specific logic? 
Write your microservice as you would, except now you need 50% less code since Conduit takes care of the typical stuff for you. 
Want a custom query to run in the DB, but you don't want to write code? Well, it does that too.

Conduit does not limit in any way, and allows you to build on it your MVP, and continue building when you reach a million users. 
It's meant to grow with you and provide you with everything you may ever need. And for the things that you don't want? Well, 
you can just skip those, after all everything in Conduit is a micro-service, so if you don't need something don't start it up, simple as that. 

## But I don't know NodeJS, I write my code with X

Awesome, Conduit is language agnostic, everything communicates with gRPC. Just use the protofiles for the Conduit version 
you have deployed, and you're in business. We used NodeJS to create Conduit, but our vision is to introduce more modules, 
written in different languages that better fit each module's use case.

## Do I need to use a specific SDK to work with it?

Well, not necessarily. As a front-end developer, Conduit provides you with a Swagger URL (and its JSON) so you can generate 
your own client library or write it from scratch. The same is true for GraphQL. All routes exposed by Conduit auto-generate 
Swagger and GraphQL so that you always know exactly what's available and how to use it.

If you're a backend developer or in general you want to extend Conduit's functionality, we've built a sugar-packed NodeJS SDK 
to help you write beautiful code for your microservice. But you're not required to use it, you 
can simply use the protofiles and generate your own clients to communicate with it.

In the future we aim to create SDKs for all major languages so that you can integrate with Conduit even more easily.<br />
Or maybe you can [help us](https://github.com/ConduitPlatform/Conduit) create an SDK for your favourite language?

Commit message:

Docs: Module Execution Instructions (#83)
* fix(documentation): module execution instructions

* chore(documentation): wip docs info admonition

documentation/docs/overview/intro.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_label: 'Introduction'
sidebar_position: 1
hide_title: true
---

:::info

We are still working on our documentation and improving it on a daily basis.<br />
If you're having any sort of trouble, please don't refrain from [contacting us](https://discord.com/invite/fBqUQ23M7g).<br />

:::

<p align="center">
    <br />
    <a href="https://getconduit.dev" target="_blank"><img height="70em" src="https://getconduit.dev/conduitLogo.svg" alt="logo"/></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <strong>The only Backend you'll ever need.<br />Written in NodeJS, built to work with any stack.</strong>
</p>

Conduit is a NodeJS-based Backend as a Service, that aims to cut down development times 
by providing ready-made modules that offer common functionality out of the box, and allowing 
maximum flexibility to add custom functionality.

## Yes, but WHAT is it exactly?

You can call it a Firebase alternative, a Parse alternative, an insert-tool-name-here alternative, a low-code tool, a platform or anything in-between. At the end of the day, 
Conduit was built by developers that have tried all BaaS platforms from 2014 onwards and found them lacking one way or the other.

## A real world story

You begin your project with the hottest BaaS platform of the day, it has everything you want until you want to change your architecture, 
scale your product or add that very specific functionality your app needs and you can't, so you end up creating a spaghetti architecture 
to call the BaaS APIs or move the business logic to your front-end. Sounds familiar?

Well, if it does, then Conduit was built for you.

## What's so different?

It's meant to work the same way you'd expect your own code to, allowing you to extend it as your business grows. 
Want to scale your authentication? You can do that. Want to create a specific logic? 
Write your microservice as you would, except now you need 50% less code since Conduit takes care of the typical stuff for you. 
Want a custom query to run in the DB, but you don't want to write code? Well, it does that too.

Conduit does not limit in any way, and allows you to build on it your MVP, and continue building when you reach a million users. 
It's meant to grow with you and provide you with everything you may ever need. And for the things that you don't want? Well, 
you can just skip those, after all everything in Conduit is a micro-service, so if you don't need something don't start it up, simple as that. 

## But I don't know NodeJS, I write my code with X

Awesome, Conduit is language agnostic, everything communicates with gRPC. Just use the protofiles for the Conduit version 
you have deployed, and you're in business. We used NodeJS to create Conduit, but our vision is to introduce more modules, 
written in different languages that better fit each module's use case.

## Do I need to use a specific SDK to work with it?

Well, not necessarily. As a front-end developer, Conduit provides you with a Swagger URL (and its JSON) so you can generate 
your own client library or write it from scratch. The same is true for GraphQL. All routes exposed by Conduit auto-generate 
Swagger and GraphQL so that you always know exactly what's available and how to use it.

If you're a backend developer or in general you want to extend Conduit's functionality, we've built a sugar-packed NodeJS SDK 
to help you write beautiful code for your microservice. But you're not required to use it, you 
can simply use the protofiles and generate your own clients to communicate with it.

In the future we aim to create SDKs for all major languages so that you can integrate with Conduit even more easily.<br />
Or maybe you can [help us](https://github.com/ConduitPlatform/Conduit) create an SDK for your favourite language?
